[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1978 horror classic film
Halloween so let's get started the film
opens in Haddonfield Illinois with six
year old Michael Myers killing his
sister Judith with a kitchen knife on
Halloween night fifteen years later
Michael Psychiatrists arrives at a
sanitarium to determine if Michael
should be imprisoned for life
Michael escapes however and steals dr.
Loomis's car Loomis
knowing what Michael is capable of
pursues him to head in field michael
arrives and kills a mechanic and steals
a white mask and some knives from the
local hardware store on Halloween
michael begins stalking Laurie Strode
Laurie is concerned but her friends
Annie and Linda brush her off dr. Loomis
travels to the local cemetery to find
Michael's sister Judas headstone has
been stolen Loomis meets with the local
sheriff sheriff Brackett and they search
Michael's former home where Loomis
details Michaels evil nature later in
the evening Laurie and her friends are
all babysitting different neighborhood
kids unaware that Michael is watching
them annie drops off the girl that she's
supposed to be taking care of with
Laurie and then Annie tries to leave to
pick up her boyfriend Paul but is killed
by Michael we later see Linda and her
boyfriend Bob arrive who have sex but
both are killed separately by Michael
with Linda being killed while she is on
the phone with Laurie Laurie who is now
suspicious goes over to the house and
finds the bodies of Annie Bob and Linda
as well as Judith Myers headstone
Michael then attacks her and she runs to
the house that she was initially
babysitting at Michael attacks again but
Laurie fights him off long enough for
the two children that she is watching to
escape dr. Loomis who has been
patrolling the streets sees the children
fleeing and shoots Michael several times
knocking him off the balcony
however when Loomis goes to inspect the
body we find out that Michael has
escaped so that was the spoilers for
Halloween if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments
remember to like and subscribe and
follow us on our various forms of social
media thanks for watching
[Music]